How do you handle people that cannot meet their standards? You know, uh,
it is a pyramid structure, our baby. If the nice thing about that
is, all the standards are laid out so annually at the same time, if
the person was told, choose knocked out a lot of the peak US requirements
for advancing to rate and take the second fast exam and fell
to do that. Well, I don't have to recommend you for second class, and
they'll be winding about that. But frankly, one thing that you have
to watch out for is is if you do have a freeloader out there and freeloaders
make a lot of noise and a lot of bravado. Gravitas. Okay,
Usually that means someone else is picking up the spot or that person.
You have to weed that out with your chief petty officer ordered
officer and figure out who's really standing watch. And you've got to
take care of the people that are living up to their arrows, going
okay, You've got to try to take care of those people